Randall Johnson
10/17/2018
Homework 07

1. 

At the end of the closing bracket for the class, there needs to be a semicolon.
...
}; // end of Projectile class

2.

It should be this->x = x; instead of this.x = x;

3.

a. the method takes a pointer to an integer as an argument, 
and returns a pointer to an integer.

b. the method takes a pointer to an integer as an argument,
and returns a pointer to an integer that is constant.

c. the method takes a pointer to an integer as an argument,
and returns a pointer, that is constant, to an integer that is constant.

d. the method takes a pointer to an integer that is constant as an argument,
and returns a pointer, that is constant, to an integer that is constant.

e. the method takes a pointer to an integer that is constant as an argument,
and returns a pointer, that is constant, to an integer that is constant.
However, this method cannot modify any data of the object's data.

4.

C++ strings are a lot more convenient to implement strings, 
and it is a lot safer to use than C Strings. 
C strings are just an array of characters that must be null terminated. 
In C++ strings, you do not have to worry about adding a null terminator character.
However, C strings are useful to use because they are lightweight, 
which is important for writing high-performance programs.

5.

Pointers allow the programmers to have direct access to memory in the code, which
made pointers to be very powerful, but frustrating, like having to dereference
everytime the programmer wants to change the value.
References are like pointers but act differently.
References are automatically dereferenced, unlike pointers.
Once the reference is initialized, it cannot modify what it points to. 
Similar to a constant pointer.
Reference cannot be nullified.

6. 

Destructor is called when the class is deleted from the stack (out of scoped) 
or from the heap. It is mainly used to delete memory allocated by the class from the heap. 

